update removals & deprecations for graph references (#1315)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/deprecations-additions-removals-compatibility.adoc

USE my.db ...

----
| In xref:clauses/use.adoc[`USE`] clauses, databases and aliases with unquoted `.` are deprecated in versions 5.26 to 2025.05 unless the `.` is used to indicate that the database or alias belongs to a composite database.

> However, starting from version 2025.06, this deprecation has been withdrawn, and replaced by two new deprecations.

Reviewer: None of the links point to a change marked as a deprecation

> | In xref:clauses/use.adoc[`USE`] clauses, databases and aliases with unquoted `.` are deprecated in versions 5.26 to 2025.05 unless the `.` is used to indicate that the database or alias belongs to a composite database.
> 
> However, starting from version 2025.06, this deprecation has been withdrawn, and replaced by two new deprecations.
> The reason for this change is that the previous quoting rules have been found inconsistent and ambiguous, and will be improved starting from Cypher 25.
> For more information, see:
> 
> * xref::deprecations-additions-removals-compatibility.adoc#_graph_reference_removed_name_parts_quoting[removed support for quoted name parts in graph references]
> 
> * xref::deprecations-additions-removals-compatibility.adoc#_graph_reference_updated_graph_by_name_quotes[update to graph functions]
> 
> * xref::values-and-types/graph-references.adoc#rules[graph reference rules]
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a| The use of unquoted `.` characters in xref:clauses/use.adoc[`USE`] clauses when specifying databases and aliases was deprecated in 5.26, except when `.` indicated that the database or alias belonged to a composite database.

However, this deprecation was withdrawn in Neo4j 2025.06, and replaced by the following updates in Cypher 25:

* xref::deprecations-additions-removals-compatibility.adoc#_graph_reference_removed_name_parts_quoting[Removed support for quoted name parts in graph references]

* xref::deprecations-additions-removals-compatibility.adoc#_graph_reference_updated_graph_by_name_quotes[Update to graph functions]

This because the previous quoting rules were inconsistent and ambiguous.
The rules are clarified and improved in Cypher 25.
For more information, see:

* xref::values-and-types/graph-references.adoc#rules[Graph reference rules]
```

CREATE DATABASE databaseName.withDot ...
----
a|
Creating a database with dots in the name has been deprecated in versions 5.26 to 2025.05.
However, starting from version 2025.06, this deprecation has been withdrawn, and replaced by two new deprecations.
The reason for this change is that the previous quoting rules have been found inconsistent and ambiguous, and will be improved starting from Cypher 25.
For more information, see:

* xref::deprecations-additions-removals-compatibility.adoc#_graph_reference_removed_name_parts_quoting[removed support for quoted name parts in graph references]

* xref::deprecations-additions-removals-compatibility.adoc#_graph_reference_updated_graph_by_name_quotes[update to graph functions]

> * xref::values-and-types/graph-references.adoc#rules[graph reference rules]

Reviewer: Creating a database with `.` characters was deprecated in 5.0.
However, this deprecation was withdrawn in 2025.06, and replaced by the following updates in Cypher 25:

* xref::deprecations-additions-removals-compatibility.adoc#_graph_reference_removed_name_parts_quoting[Removed support for quoted name parts in graph references]
* xref::deprecations-additions-removals-compatibility.adoc#_graph_reference_updated_graph_by_name_quotes[Update to graph functions]

This because the previous quoting rules were inconsistent and ambiguous.
The rules are clarified and improved in Cypher 25.
For more information, see:

* xref::values-and-types/graph-references.adoc#rules[Graph reference rules]
